In this video we're going to discuss generic rotting encapsulation tunneling or GRC tunneling in its
most basic form a GOP tunnel is a point to point tunnel that allows you to transport multiple Hialeah
protocols such as IP version 4 IP version 6 as well as older protocols such as IP X and others across
a point to point tunnel.
It's important to remember that GRC does not provide authentication and encryption.
It provides a point to point connection between two routers that emulates or looks like a point to point
tunnel or point to point serial link.
Another advantage of GOP is the support for multicast routing protocols in the past.
What was often done is that GOP tunnels were encapsulated inside IP SEC tunnels for encryption and authentication
so GOP would provide a simple point to point link that emulates or looks like a serial link but because
it provides no encryption and no authentication that Jerry tunnel would then be put inside an IP SEC
tunnel to provide the encryption and authentication before going any further I want to point out that
you have access to some features of the VPN config generator as part of your course.
One of the VPN config generator options is to set up a GOP tunnel.
The software allows you very easily to create the configuration required for a point to point jury tunnel
so as an example by clicking on the show result button the configuration is automatically generated
for two routers.
He has wrought a too and he has wrought a 1 you could simply copy and paste that configuration into
your routers to setup a GOP tunnel.